Don't lie to mom
That's really Mrs. Zhao, you've seen it all
How else could I lie to you?
Mom doesn't believe you
But you don't even have a job
Now Xueqing and Yaya are nowhere to be seen
Mom is not at ease
Okay, it's rare for my son to be promising
Say less
Xueqing has found her parents
I'll pick him up tomorrow.
Uh, and Yaya
What's going on?
Go out and see
You little beast
When a duck makes a dog and releases a rich woman
Turn around and deal with us folks
Why is he talking nonsense?
There's no shame in that.
Oh, shame on me.
Your son is a disgrace
Are you playing with your body?
Hmph, you think he's done
He's just a dog
It was you who were embarrassed just now, right?
Still here pretending to be me
I'll expose you right now
Don't worry.
That trash can't jump for a few days
My Sun family checked the trash
He has no assets in his name
The bank card doesn't have a penny.
The woman he was kneeling and licking abandoned him
Oh, right.
Mr. Zhao will no longer interfere
Hear you, little beast
Your ex-wife told me everything
Your dependency account is completely gone continue
Come on, everybody!
This is what he really looks like.
He didn't get rich at all
Lujiananji returns home from Liang
You can't be sick, can you?
Hahahahaha, I'm not worried.
I really thought he was a city expert. What the hell am I?
Corrupt our Lu Jiafen
How could this be?
humiliating
I thought you were really good
I didn't expect you to lie to your parents
Is that what you do out there?
See if I kill you today.